README.md, before:

# Advent of Code, 2020

My solutions for this year's AoC. I am using Go as a way of learning Go.

## Progress:
- Day 1: very nice + big success (got tempted to over-engineer)
- Day 2: very nice + big success (with a regexp-shaped hammer, every problem is a regexp-shaped nail)
- Day 3: very nice + big success (tried out the various ways of declaring slices / arrays)
- Day 4: very nice + big success (match those patterns!)
- Day 5: very nice + big success (round and round we go, this could be more efficient...)
- Day 6: very nice + big success (could do with refactoring...)
- Day 7: very nice + big success (I will need a Bag of Holding by the end of this)
- Day 8: very nice + big success (enjoyable program error correction, which makes a pleasant change)
- Day 9: very nice + big success (seemed suspiciously straightforward today - is there something encrypted in the data???)
- Day 10: very nice + big success, eventually (part 2 was difficult and I had many false starts)
- Day 11: very nice + big success (easier today but tripped up over copying slices vs arrays)
- Day 12: very nice + big success (I added a plotter to draw the ship route, but sadly didn't yield anything funny)
- Day 13: very nice + big success (part 2 was too hard, but I learned that brute force is the wrong approach in these puzzles)
- Day 14: very nice + big success (there is probably an easier way using l33t b1nary ski11z, but I don't have those)
- Day 15: very nice + big success (found a performant answer quickly today, not as conceptually hard as previous 2 days)
- Day 16: very nice + big success (felt like solving a sudoku)
- Day 17: very nice + big success (it was a mistake to go down the route of n-dimensional slices - maps ftw)
- Day 18: very nice + big success (enjoyed the bracketing reduction, could have written a neater answer, must use more small functions)
- Day 19: 
- Day 20: 
- Day 21: 
- Day 22: 
- Day 23: 
- Day 24:

Commit message:

still can't solve day 19 part 2

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code, 2020

My solutions for this year's AoC. I am using Go as a way of learning Go.

## Progress:
- Day 1: very nice + big success (got tempted to over-engineer)
- Day 2: very nice + big success (with a regexp-shaped hammer, every problem is a regexp-shaped nail)
- Day 3: very nice + big success (tried out the various ways of declaring slices / arrays)
- Day 4: very nice + big success (match those patterns!)
- Day 5: very nice + big success (round and round we go, this could be more efficient...)
- Day 6: very nice + big success (could do with refactoring...)
- Day 7: very nice + big success (I will need a Bag of Holding by the end of this)
- Day 8: very nice + big success (enjoyable program error correction, which makes a pleasant change)
- Day 9: very nice + big success (seemed suspiciously straightforward today - is there something encrypted in the data???)
- Day 10: very nice + big success, eventually (part 2 was difficult and I had many false starts)
- Day 11: very nice + big success (easier today but tripped up over copying slices vs arrays)
- Day 12: very nice + big success (I added a plotter to draw the ship route, but sadly didn't yield anything funny)
- Day 13: very nice + big success (part 2 was too hard, but I learned that brute force is the wrong approach in these puzzles)
- Day 14: very nice + big success (there is probably an easier way using l33t b1nary ski11z, but I don't have those)
- Day 15: very nice + big success (found a performant answer quickly today, not as conceptually hard as previous 2 days)
- Day 16: very nice + big success (felt like solving a sudoku)
- Day 17: very nice + big success (it was a mistake to go down the route of n-dimensional slices - maps ftw)
- Day 18: very nice + big success (enjoyed the bracketing reduction, could have written a neater answer, must use more small functions)
- Day 19: very nice + FAIL (the one that got away? my part 2 does not produce the right answer and I don't see why)
- Day 20: 
- Day 21: 
- Day 22: 
- Day 23: 
- Day 24:
